Implement selective un-spying and un-patching (#319)
pytest-dev/pytest-mock: docs/usage.rst

    .. _#175: https://github.com/pytest-dev/pytest-mock/issues/175

> As of version 3.9.1, spying can be also selectively stopped.

Reviewer: Given this is a new feature, the next will be a minor release.

```suggestion
As of version 3.10, spying can be also selectively stopped.
```

Author: Indeed, 3.10 or rather 3.10.0 ?
